Knife. Moonlit night. Rotten stump with a short black-handled knife in it. Those who know will understand. 
Disaster in the village. Werewolf.
There are no so many residents in the village. Many of them are each other's relatives. Only this may help to find the werewolf. 
The werewolf is merciless, but his descendants never become his victims. The werewolf can drown the village in blood, but he never 
kills his ancestors.
It is known about all the villagers who is the child of whom. Also, the sad list of the werewolf's victims is known. Your program 
should help to determine the suspects. It would be a hard task, if a very special condition would not hold. Namely, citizens of the 
village are not used to leave it. If some ancestor of some citizen lives in the village, then also his immediate ancestor does. 
It means, that, for example, if the father of the mother of some citizen still lives in the village, than also his mother still lives.

Input
The first line contains an integer N, 1 < N ≤ 1000, which is the number of the villagers. The villagers are assigned numbers 
from 1 to N. Further is the description of the relation "child-parent": a sequence of lines, each of which contains two numbers 
separated with a space; the first number in each line is the number of a child and the second number is the number of the child's 
parent. The data is correct: for each of the residents there are no more than two parents, and there are no cycles. The list is 
followed by the word "BLOOD" written with capital letters in a separate line. After this word there is the list of the werewolf's 
victims, one number in each line.

Output
The output should contain the numbers of the residents who may be the werewolf. The numbers must be in the ascending order and 
separated with a space. If there are no suspects, the output should contain the only number 0.

O código utiliza um grafo bipartido, onde os vértices são divididos em dois conjuntos 
(representados por g[v][0] e g[v][1]).
A função dfs implementa uma busca em profundidade a partir de um vértice e conjunto específicos.
O programa lê o número total de vértices n.
As arestas do grafo bipartido são lidas até encontrar uma entrada inválida 
(por exemplo, um caractere não numérico).
Em seguida, o programa lê os vértices iniciais para iniciar as buscas DFS.
As buscas DFS são realizadas em ambos os conjuntos para cada vértice inicial.
O vetor used é usado para rastrear os vértices visitados durante as buscas DFS.
O programa imprime os vértices que não foram alcançados durante as buscas DFS.
Se todos os vértices foram alcançados, imprime 0