The last time many users keep internet diaries — blogs. The users keep their diaries and occasionally 
read other’s. Those users like to count their virtual friends. A friend for them is anyone who reads 
their twaddle. Assume that a user reads another’s blog if he mentions the one in his diary.
You are to output for each user a list of his friends, the people who regard him as a friend and a list 
of mutual friends, i.e. those who are friends of the assumed user and regard him as a friend.
You are given the blogs of those users. For each user you are to output the mentioned above three lists. 
The users mark their friends with a tag <friend>. A tag is the line that consist of small Latin letters 
between the marks lower than (<) and greater than (>). A closing tag is the string of small Latin between
the symbols lower than and slash (</) in the beginning and greater than (>) in the end.

Input
The first line contains a integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 100) — a number of blogs in the input. The first line of 
each blog consists a name of the blogger. All the bloggers’ names are different. The next line starts
with a tag <blog>. The last blog line ends with a closing tag </blog>. There is no other tags in the 
text of blog. Each opening and closing tag has it’s pair tag in the text. Symbols <, > and / occur only 
in tags. The input contains only small and capital Latin letters, digits, symbols greater than, lower 
than, slash, full stops, commas and underlining symbols. The friends’ names are case sensitive. 
A tag can’t be torn by a line feed. A friend’s name may consist of small and capital Latin letters 
and an underlining symbol. A friend’s name can’t be empty. Blogs line doesn’t exceed 255 symbols. 
A blog contains not more than 1000 lines. An amount of friends mentioned in a blog doesn’t exceed 100.

Output
For each blogger from the input you are to output a list of those who’s blogs he mentioned (friends), 
a list of those who mentioned him in his blog (is a friend of) and a list of those who is present in 
both previous lists. Each list is to be outputted in a separate line and sorted in the alphabetic order. 
Names in a list are to be separated with a comma and space. Before the “friends” list you are to output 
s string “1: ”. Before an “is a friend of” list you are to output a string “2: ”. Before a list 
of “mutual friends” you are to output a string “3: ”. Before those three lists you are to output a 
name of the blogger and an empty line beforehand (if it is not the first input blogger). A blogger 
is not a friend of himself even if he mentioned himself in his blog.