The Galaxy Police (Galaxpol) found out that a notorious gang of thieves has plans for stealing an extremely 
valuable exhibit from the Earth Planetary Museum — an ancient microprocessor. The police chiefs decided to 
intercept the criminals on the way from their refuge to the museum. A problem arose while planning the police 
operation: would it be possible for the Galaxpol staff to control all the possible routes of the criminals?
The galaxy transport system is designed as follows. Each planet has a transport station that is connected to 
some of the other stations via two-way teleportation channels. Transport stations vary in their sizes, so different 
numbers of policemen may be required to take control over different stations. In order not to upset the operation, 
it was decided to leave the planets that are next to the museum or the refuge without any police control.
Help the Galaxpol to place their staff at the stations in order to block all possible routes of the thieves.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer 1 < K ≤ 10000 — the number of policemen engaged to control the stations.
The second line has four integers: N, M, S and F delimited with white-space character.
N is the number of stations in the galaxy (the stations are numbered from 1 to N); 3 ≤ N ≤ 100.
M is the number of teleportation channels; N − 1 ≤ M ≤ N · (N − 1) / 2.
S is the number of the planet (and the station) where the museum is; 1 ≤ S ≤ N.
F is the number of the planet (and the station) where the thieves’ refuge is; 1 ≤ F ≤ N.
The next line contains N integers (x1, …, xN) separated with white-space character — the number of policemen 
required to control each of the stations (∑i=1Nxi ≤ 10000).
Then M lines follow that describe the teleportation channels. Each of these lines contains a pair of space-delimited 
integers — the numbers of stations being connected by a channel. The channel system is designed so that it is possible 
to reach any station from any other one (probably it would require several channel transitions).

Output
Write “YES” if it is possible to block all the possible routes within given limitations, and “NO” otherwise.